Bugfix broken links Arun 31-40 (#1923)
Codecademy/docs: content/react/concepts/react-native/terms/components/components.md

| Core Component | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `<View>`       | A common container component that supports layout with flexbox, styles, touch handling, accessibility controls, and can contain other components inside such as other views. It is analogous to a non-scrolling [`<div>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/div) HTML element.          |

> | `<Text>`       | Displays text and supports styles and touch events. It is analogous to a [paragraph element](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/paragraphs).                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<Text>`       | Displays text and supports styles and touch events. It is analogous to a [paragraph element](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/p).                                                                                                                                                      |
```
